README.md, before:

# BSPWM | Polybar themes collection with Theme Selector

## Puedes leer esta pagina en español [AQUI](INICIO.md)

## 🌿 Information
12 different themes for BSPWM and Polybar. With a theme selector to change on the fly.

## :book: Wiki
I already started writing the [**Wiki**](https://github.com/gh0stzk/dotfiles/wiki), you should give it a read. If it is your first time with a WM, you may be interested in reading [First steps after installing the dotfiles](https://github.com/gh0stzk/dotfiles/wiki/Firsts-steps-after-installing) or maybe read [frequently asked questions and answers](https://github.com/gh0stzk/dotfiles/wiki/Questions---Answers).

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/211363959-9182ecb7-e56e-4598-afed-f352c5d2979e.mp4

## Info
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221605474-21d65156-0cf7-485c-bd1a-40792c37817e.png" alt="Linux Fetch" align="right" width="450">

|Distro|[Arch](https://archlinux.org/)|
|:---:|:---:|
|WM|[BSPWM](https://github.com/baskerville/bspwm)|
|Bar|[Polybar](https://github.com/polybar/polybar)|
|Menu|[Rofi](https://github.com/davatorium/rofi)|
|Compositor|[Picom](https://archlinux.org/packages/community/x86_64/picom/)|
|Terminal|[Alacritty](https://github.com/alacritty/alacritty)|
|Widgets|[ElKowars wacky widgets ](https://github.com/elkowar/eww)|
|Music/Player|[mpd](https://archlinux.org/packages/extra/x86_64/mpd/)-[ncmpcpp](https://archlinux.org/packages/community/x86_64/ncmpcpp/)|
|File Manager|[Thunar](https://archlinux.org/packages/extra/x86_64/thunar/)|
|Shell|[Zsh](https://archlinux.org/packages/extra/x86_64/zsh/)|
|Aur Helper|[Paru](https://github.com/Morganamilo/paru)|

<br>

## 🚀 Features
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221426400-6029bdd7-f183-4860-9ade-a5fe35d2251a.png" alt="Rice Menu" align="right" width="400px">

* **Change themes on the fly:** 12 different Rices now!.

* **Theme Selector:** <code>Alt + Space bar</code> to launch it.

* **Random wallpaper:**  Every time you switch between rices or reload bspwm with <code>super + alt + r</code> a new wallpaper is set depending on the rice you are on.

* **Wallpaper Changer** <code>Super + Alt + w</code> changes bethween different wallpapers in the actual rice.

* **Hide / Unhide Bar:** If you needit you can hide bars

* **Change transparency on the fly:** 
Increase and decrease transparency in focused or selected window.

**And more..**

<table align="center">
   <tr>
      <th align="center">
         <sup><sub>:warning: WARNING :warning:</sub></sup>
      </th>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td align="center">
      
      
      
     THIS DOTFILES ARE CONFIGURED AT 1600x900 WITH 96 DPI! 1 MONITOR
     SOME STUFF MIGHT BREAK ON LOWER OR HIGHER
     RESOLUTIONS BUT WILL STILL WORK!
     
   </tr>
   </table>

## 🎨 The themes

### 🌸Emilia:

|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221425369-13143094-17a5-4413-8111-f39e0e6d8d21.png" alt="Emilia Rice" align="center" width="600px">|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221425420-4198afbb-fd7a-41a1-96f2-42c2c715f076.png" alt="Emilia Rice" align="center" width="600px">|
|---|---|

<details>
<summary><b>Extra wallpapers in Emilia</b></summary>

|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/emilia/walls/wall-02.webp" alt="Emilia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/emilia/walls/wall-03.webp" alt="Emilia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/emilia/walls/wall-04.webp" alt="Emilia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|
|:-:|:-:|:-:|
|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/emilia/walls/wall-05.webp" alt="Emilia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/emilia/walls/wall-06.webp" alt="Emilia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/emilia/walls/wall-07.webp" alt="Emilia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|

</details>

### 🌸Jan

|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221425541-54cdbc53-c3b3-46a6-ad3f-ede996eabc6a.png" alt="Jan Rice" align="center" width="600px">|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221425550-05f6362b-0a4a-48c0-a87d-044cc38af8e6.png" alt="Jan Rice" align="center" width="600px">|
|---|---|

<details>
<summary><b>Extra wallpapers in Jan</b></summary>

|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/jan/walls/wall-01.webp" alt="Jan Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/jan/walls/wall-02.webp" alt="Jan Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/jan/walls/wall-03.webp" alt="Jan Rice" align="center" width="150px">|
|:-:|:-:|:-:|
|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/jan/walls/wall-04.webp" alt="Jan Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/jan/walls/wall-05.webp" alt="Jan Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/jan/walls/wall-07.webp" alt="Jan Rice" align="center" width="150px">|

</details>

### 🌸Aline

|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221425672-0da23a62-bb1a-4409-b18d-756cf479f517.png" alt="Aline Rice" align="center" width="600px">|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221425682-e5676155-1bbc-47a5-ba15-307513c44d06.png" alt="Aline Rice" align="center" width="600px">|
|---|---|

<details>
<summary><b>Extra wallpapers in Aline</b></summary>

|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/aline/walls/wall-02.webp" alt="Aline Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/aline/walls/wall-03.webp" alt="Aline Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/aline/walls/wall-04.webp" alt="Aline Rice" align="center" width="150px">|
|:-:|:-:|:-:|
|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/aline/walls/wall-05.webp" alt="Aline Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/aline/walls/wall-06.webp" alt="Aline Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/aline/walls/wall-07.webp" alt="Aline Rice" align="center" width="150px">|

</details>

### 🌸Andrea

|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221425744-9144328f-3993-4ed8-91b9-a8522ae8460a.png" alt="Andrea Rice" align="center" width="600px">|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221425748-4a6ab441-886a-4400-b9df-5fef2a6cfb23.png" alt="Andrea Rice" align="center" width="600px">|
|---|---|

<details>
<summary><b>Extra wallpapers in Andrea</b></summary>

|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/andrea/walls/wall-02.webp" alt="Andrea Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/andrea/walls/wall-03.webp" alt="Andrea Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/andrea/walls/wall-04.webp" alt="Andrea Rice" align="center" width="150px">
|:-:|:-:|:-:|
|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/andrea/walls/wall-05.webp" alt="Andrea Rice" align="center" width="150px">|

</details>

### 🌸Cynthia

|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221425848-a28fda79-9b3f-4cba-9e56-ea4759cd56e2.png" alt="Cynthia Rice" align="center" width="600px">|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221425853-ce5af1fe-f03d-48cc-a4d3-445adbe3e566.png" alt="Cynthia Rice" align="center" width="600px">|
|---|---|

<details>
<summary><b>Extra wallpapers in Cynthia</b></summary>

|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/cynthia/walls/wall-01.webp" alt="Cynthia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/cynthia/walls/wall-02.webp" alt="Cynthia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/cynthia/walls/wall-04.webp" alt="Cynthia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|
|:-:|:-:|:-:|
<img src="config/bspwm/rices/cynthia/walls/wall-05.webp" alt="Cynthia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/cynthia/walls/wall-06.webp" alt="Cynthia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/cynthia/walls/wall-07.webp" alt="Cynthia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|

</details>

### 🌸Isabel

|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221425911-51a5f5af-ef6d-421a-83f8-ad10ad73903e.png" alt="Isabel Rice" align="center" width="600px">|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221425915-55c6b711-9456-4b60-a1a2-8a986e45e2c4.png" alt="Isabel Rice" align="center" width="600px">|
|---|---|

<details>
<summary><b>Extra wallpapers in Isabel</b></summary>

|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/isabel/walls/wall-02.webp" alt="Isabel Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/isabel/walls/wall-03.webp" alt="Isabel Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/isabel/walls/wall-04.webp" alt="Isabel Rice" align="center" width="150px">|
|:-:|:-:|:-:|
<img src="config/bspwm/rices/isabel/walls/wall-05.webp" alt="Isabel Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/isabel/walls/wall-06.webp" alt="Isabel Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/isabel/walls/wall-07.webp" alt="Isabel Rice" align="center" width="150px">|

</details>

### 🌸Silvia

|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221425959-3ce172d2-6046-482d-a0d0-fbed7b6c6528.png" alt="Silvia Rice" align="center" width="600px">|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221425966-3e5e9db1-4e60-4b21-8c00-8235e7dde733.png" alt="Silvia Rice" align="center" width="600px">|
|---|---|

<details>
<summary><b>Extra wallpapers in Silvia</b></summary>

|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/silvia/walls/wall-01.webp" alt="Silvia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/silvia/walls/wall-03.webp" alt="Silvia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/silvia/walls/wall-04.webp" alt="Silvia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|
|:-:|:-:|:-:|
<img src="config/bspwm/rices/silvia/walls/wall-05.webp" alt="Silvia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/silvia/walls/wall-06.webp" alt="Silvia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/silvia/walls/wall-07.webp" alt="Silvia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|

</details>

### 🌸Melissa

|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221426005-b23e3f99-9d1c-469f-9e5d-741f9839b77a.png" alt="Melissa Rice" align="center" width="600px">|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221426007-81869495-d20f-4c55-b036-42ced5b4b5a1.png" alt="Melissa Rice" align="center" width="600px">|
|---|---|

<details>
<summary><b>Extra wallpapers in Melissa</b></summary>

|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/melissa/walls/wall-02.webp" alt="Melissa Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/melissa/walls/wall-03.webp" alt="Melissa Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/melissa/walls/wall-04.webp" alt="Melissa Rice" align="center" width="150px">|
|:-:|:-:|:-:|
<img src="config/bspwm/rices/melissa/walls/wall-05.webp" alt="Melissa Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/melissa/walls/wall-06.webp" alt="Melissa Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/melissa/walls/wall-07.webp" alt="Melissa Rice" align="center" width="150px">|

</details>

### 🌸Pamela

|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221426074-0871239b-1e21-4a12-837d-2320b785bda9.png" alt="Pamela Rice" align="center" width="600px">|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221426076-9aae13b0-0f1e-430a-b53a-80d0d9cfa2a4.png" alt="Pamela Rice" align="center" width="600px">|
|---|---|

<details>
<summary><b>Extra wallpapers in Pamela</b></summary>

|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/pamela/walls/wall-02.webp" alt="Pamela Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/pamela/walls/wall-03.webp" alt="Pamela Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/pamela/walls/wall-04.webp" alt="Pamela Rice" align="center" width="150px">|
|:-:|:-:|:-:|
|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/pamela/walls/wall-05.webp" alt="Pamela Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/pamela/walls/wall-06.webp" alt="Pamela Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/pamela/walls/wall-07.webp" alt="Pamela Rice" align="center" width="150px">|

</details>

### 🌸Cristina

|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221426114-5f088fd6-1b45-4ea2-a08c-3a55ab04deb5.png" alt="Cristina Rice" align="center" width="600px">|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221426116-0c247a00-c870-4120-9b46-fbd4a1913af2.png" alt="Cristina Rice" align="center" width="600px">|
|---|---|

<details>
<summary><b>Extra wallpapers in Cristina</b></summary>

|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/cristina/walls/wall-02.webp" alt="Cristina Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/cristina/walls/wall-03.webp" alt="Cristina Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/cristina/walls/wall-04.webp" alt="Cristina Rice" align="center" width="150px">|
|:-:|:-:|:-:|
<img src="config/bspwm/rices/cristina/walls/wall-05.webp" alt="Cristina Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/cristina/walls/wall-06.webp" alt="Cristina Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/cristina/walls/wall-07.webp" alt="Cristina Rice" align="center" width="150px">|

</details>

### 🌸Karla

|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221426157-64268f2e-1946-455c-9245-61d0fcfe1cc9.png" alt="Karla Rice" align="center" width="600px">|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221426162-8477edff-82ec-47e3-9c9f-de98842f581f.png" alt="Karla Rice" align="center" width="600px">|
|---|---|

<details>
<summary><b>Extra wallpapers in Karla</b></summary>

|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/karla/walls/wall-02.webp" alt="Karla Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/karla/walls/wall-03.webp" alt="Karla Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/karla/walls/wall-04.webp" alt="Karla Rice" align="center" width="150px">|
|:-:|:-:|:-:|
<img src="config/bspwm/rices/karla/walls/wall-05.webp" alt="Karla Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/karla/walls/wall-06.webp" alt="Karla Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/karla/walls/wall-07.webp" alt="Karla Rice" align="center" width="150px">|

</details>

### 🌸z0mbi3:

|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221426212-d019956b-08c5-4c09-8375-bb7a377f5024.png" alt="z0mbi3 Rice" align="center" width="600px">|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221426218-49131fb7-e750-4bee-94a3-f26397760ec8.png" alt="z0mbi3 Rice" align="center" width="600px">|
|---|---|

<details>
<summary><b>Extra wallpapers in z0mbi3</b></summary>

|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/z0mbi3/walls/wall-01.webp" alt="z0mbi3 Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/z0mbi3/walls/wall-02.webp" alt="z0mbi3 Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/z0mbi3/walls/wall-03.webp" alt="z0mbi3 Rice" align="center" width="150px">|
|:-:|:-:|:-:|
<img src="config/bspwm/rices/z0mbi3/walls/wall-04.webp" alt="z0mbi3 Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/z0mbi3/walls/wall-06.webp" alt="z0mbi3 Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/z0mbi3/walls/wall-07.webp" alt="z0mbi3 Rice" align="center" width="150px">|

</details>

## Neovim themes
Actually the neovim theme is OneDark, but the background will adapt to the colorscheme in the rice you are. Now is configured in "lua". i wanna keepit simple so there are a few plugins.
- Lualine
- Nvim-Tree
- Colorizer
- Devicons

The plugin manager is Packer.

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221430203-23308e84-c974-4481-8c17-9aab53b37766.gif" alt="Neovim Themes" align="center" width="400px">

## Firefox Theme (z0mbi3 Fox)
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/228313955-670436db-d502-4249-9817-d67e3de86aa1.png" alt="Firefox theme - z0mbi3-Fox" width="700">

## Very useful keybindigs to know...

- <code>alt + @space</code> Display menu to select theme selector.
- <code>super + @space</code> Apps Menu.
- <code>super + h </code> Hides bar/s <code>super + u</code> unhide bar/s
- <code>super + Print</code> Takes screenshot.
- <code>ctrl + alt {plus,minus,t}</code> Changes transparency on focused window.
- <code>ctrl + super + alt + p</code> Power off computer. <code>ctrl + super + alt + r</code> Restart computer.
- <code>super + Return</code> Open a terminal.
- <code>super + Alt + Return</code> Open a floating terminal.
- <code>ctrl + super + alt + k</code> Brute Kill a window/process.
- <code>super + alt + w</code> Changes randomly wallpaper.
- <code>super + alt + r</code> Restart bspwm.

And more.. You need to look sxhkdrc file for more.

## 📦 setup

### 💾 Installation:
The installer only works for **ARCH** Linux, and based distros.

<b>Open a terminal in HOME</b>
- **First download the installer**
```sh
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gh0stzk/dotfiles/master/RiceInstaller -o $HOME/RiceInstaller
```
- **Now give it execute permissions**
```sh
chmod +x RiceInstaller
```
- **Finally run the installer**
```sh
./RiceInstaller
```

## Troubleshooting & Tips

See the [Wiki](https://github.com/gh0stzk/dotfiles/wiki)


## Credits
- [turquoise-hexagon](https://github.com/turquoise-hexagon/fonts), [adi1090x](https://github.com/adi1090x/widgets), [gabrielzschmitz](https://github.com/gabrielzschmitz), [elenapan](https://github.com/elenapan/dotfiles), [rxyhn](https://github.com/rxyhn/bspdots), [okklol](https://github.com/okklol/eww-bar), [ikz87](https://github.com/ikz87).

Commit message:

Modified README to offer the firefox extension made by PonyLucky. - It is a startpage (and new tab page) for the browser. With a search bar, a timer, a custom search engine, custom bookmarks. The last feature is custom RSS feeds (can be empty for no request to the internet at startup).

README.md, after:

# BSPWM | Polybar themes collection with Theme Selector

## Puedes leer esta pagina en español [AQUI](INICIO.md)

## 🌿 Information
12 different themes for BSPWM and Polybar. With a theme selector to change on the fly.

## :book: Wiki
I already started writing the [**Wiki**](https://github.com/gh0stzk/dotfiles/wiki), you should give it a read. If it is your first time with a WM, you may be interested in reading [First steps after installing the dotfiles](https://github.com/gh0stzk/dotfiles/wiki/Firsts-steps-after-installing) or maybe read [frequently asked questions and answers](https://github.com/gh0stzk/dotfiles/wiki/Questions---Answers).

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/211363959-9182ecb7-e56e-4598-afed-f352c5d2979e.mp4

## Info
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221605474-21d65156-0cf7-485c-bd1a-40792c37817e.png" alt="Linux Fetch" align="right" width="450">

|Distro|[Arch](https://archlinux.org/)|
|:---:|:---:|
|WM|[BSPWM](https://github.com/baskerville/bspwm)|
|Bar|[Polybar](https://github.com/polybar/polybar)|
|Menu|[Rofi](https://github.com/davatorium/rofi)|
|Compositor|[Picom](https://archlinux.org/packages/community/x86_64/picom/)|
|Terminal|[Alacritty](https://github.com/alacritty/alacritty)|
|Widgets|[ElKowars wacky widgets ](https://github.com/elkowar/eww)|
|Music/Player|[mpd](https://archlinux.org/packages/extra/x86_64/mpd/)-[ncmpcpp](https://archlinux.org/packages/community/x86_64/ncmpcpp/)|
|File Manager|[Thunar](https://archlinux.org/packages/extra/x86_64/thunar/)|
|Shell|[Zsh](https://archlinux.org/packages/extra/x86_64/zsh/)|
|Aur Helper|[Paru](https://github.com/Morganamilo/paru)|

<br>

## 🚀 Features
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221426400-6029bdd7-f183-4860-9ade-a5fe35d2251a.png" alt="Rice Menu" align="right" width="400px">

* **Change themes on the fly:** 12 different Rices now!.

* **Theme Selector:** <code>Alt + Space bar</code> to launch it.

* **Random wallpaper:**  Every time you switch between rices or reload bspwm with <code>super + alt + r</code> a new wallpaper is set depending on the rice you are on.

* **Wallpaper Changer** <code>Super + Alt + w</code> changes bethween different wallpapers in the actual rice.

* **Hide / Unhide Bar:** If you needit you can hide bars

* **Change transparency on the fly:** 
Increase and decrease transparency in focused or selected window.

**And more..**

<table align="center">
   <tr>
      <th align="center">
         <sup><sub>:warning: WARNING :warning:</sub></sup>
      </th>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td align="center">
      
      
      
     THIS DOTFILES ARE CONFIGURED AT 1600x900 WITH 96 DPI! 1 MONITOR
     SOME STUFF MIGHT BREAK ON LOWER OR HIGHER
     RESOLUTIONS BUT WILL STILL WORK!
     
   </tr>
   </table>

## 🎨 The themes

### 🌸Emilia:

|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221425369-13143094-17a5-4413-8111-f39e0e6d8d21.png" alt="Emilia Rice" align="center" width="600px">|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221425420-4198afbb-fd7a-41a1-96f2-42c2c715f076.png" alt="Emilia Rice" align="center" width="600px">|
|---|---|

<details>
<summary><b>Extra wallpapers in Emilia</b></summary>

|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/emilia/walls/wall-02.webp" alt="Emilia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/emilia/walls/wall-03.webp" alt="Emilia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/emilia/walls/wall-04.webp" alt="Emilia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|
|:-:|:-:|:-:|
|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/emilia/walls/wall-05.webp" alt="Emilia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/emilia/walls/wall-06.webp" alt="Emilia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/emilia/walls/wall-07.webp" alt="Emilia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|

</details>

### 🌸Jan

|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221425541-54cdbc53-c3b3-46a6-ad3f-ede996eabc6a.png" alt="Jan Rice" align="center" width="600px">|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221425550-05f6362b-0a4a-48c0-a87d-044cc38af8e6.png" alt="Jan Rice" align="center" width="600px">|
|---|---|

<details>
<summary><b>Extra wallpapers in Jan</b></summary>

|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/jan/walls/wall-01.webp" alt="Jan Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/jan/walls/wall-02.webp" alt="Jan Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/jan/walls/wall-03.webp" alt="Jan Rice" align="center" width="150px">|
|:-:|:-:|:-:|
|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/jan/walls/wall-04.webp" alt="Jan Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/jan/walls/wall-05.webp" alt="Jan Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/jan/walls/wall-07.webp" alt="Jan Rice" align="center" width="150px">|

</details>

### 🌸Aline

|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221425672-0da23a62-bb1a-4409-b18d-756cf479f517.png" alt="Aline Rice" align="center" width="600px">|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221425682-e5676155-1bbc-47a5-ba15-307513c44d06.png" alt="Aline Rice" align="center" width="600px">|
|---|---|

<details>
<summary><b>Extra wallpapers in Aline</b></summary>

|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/aline/walls/wall-02.webp" alt="Aline Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/aline/walls/wall-03.webp" alt="Aline Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/aline/walls/wall-04.webp" alt="Aline Rice" align="center" width="150px">|
|:-:|:-:|:-:|
|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/aline/walls/wall-05.webp" alt="Aline Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/aline/walls/wall-06.webp" alt="Aline Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/aline/walls/wall-07.webp" alt="Aline Rice" align="center" width="150px">|

</details>

### 🌸Andrea

|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221425744-9144328f-3993-4ed8-91b9-a8522ae8460a.png" alt="Andrea Rice" align="center" width="600px">|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221425748-4a6ab441-886a-4400-b9df-5fef2a6cfb23.png" alt="Andrea Rice" align="center" width="600px">|
|---|---|

<details>
<summary><b>Extra wallpapers in Andrea</b></summary>

|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/andrea/walls/wall-02.webp" alt="Andrea Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/andrea/walls/wall-03.webp" alt="Andrea Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/andrea/walls/wall-04.webp" alt="Andrea Rice" align="center" width="150px">
|:-:|:-:|:-:|
|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/andrea/walls/wall-05.webp" alt="Andrea Rice" align="center" width="150px">|

</details>

### 🌸Cynthia

|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221425848-a28fda79-9b3f-4cba-9e56-ea4759cd56e2.png" alt="Cynthia Rice" align="center" width="600px">|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221425853-ce5af1fe-f03d-48cc-a4d3-445adbe3e566.png" alt="Cynthia Rice" align="center" width="600px">|
|---|---|

<details>
<summary><b>Extra wallpapers in Cynthia</b></summary>

|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/cynthia/walls/wall-01.webp" alt="Cynthia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/cynthia/walls/wall-02.webp" alt="Cynthia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/cynthia/walls/wall-04.webp" alt="Cynthia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|
|:-:|:-:|:-:|
<img src="config/bspwm/rices/cynthia/walls/wall-05.webp" alt="Cynthia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/cynthia/walls/wall-06.webp" alt="Cynthia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/cynthia/walls/wall-07.webp" alt="Cynthia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|

</details>

### 🌸Isabel

|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221425911-51a5f5af-ef6d-421a-83f8-ad10ad73903e.png" alt="Isabel Rice" align="center" width="600px">|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221425915-55c6b711-9456-4b60-a1a2-8a986e45e2c4.png" alt="Isabel Rice" align="center" width="600px">|
|---|---|

<details>
<summary><b>Extra wallpapers in Isabel</b></summary>

|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/isabel/walls/wall-02.webp" alt="Isabel Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/isabel/walls/wall-03.webp" alt="Isabel Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/isabel/walls/wall-04.webp" alt="Isabel Rice" align="center" width="150px">|
|:-:|:-:|:-:|
<img src="config/bspwm/rices/isabel/walls/wall-05.webp" alt="Isabel Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/isabel/walls/wall-06.webp" alt="Isabel Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/isabel/walls/wall-07.webp" alt="Isabel Rice" align="center" width="150px">|

</details>

### 🌸Silvia

|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221425959-3ce172d2-6046-482d-a0d0-fbed7b6c6528.png" alt="Silvia Rice" align="center" width="600px">|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221425966-3e5e9db1-4e60-4b21-8c00-8235e7dde733.png" alt="Silvia Rice" align="center" width="600px">|
|---|---|

<details>
<summary><b>Extra wallpapers in Silvia</b></summary>

|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/silvia/walls/wall-01.webp" alt="Silvia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/silvia/walls/wall-03.webp" alt="Silvia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/silvia/walls/wall-04.webp" alt="Silvia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|
|:-:|:-:|:-:|
<img src="config/bspwm/rices/silvia/walls/wall-05.webp" alt="Silvia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/silvia/walls/wall-06.webp" alt="Silvia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/silvia/walls/wall-07.webp" alt="Silvia Rice" align="center" width="150px">|

</details>

### 🌸Melissa

|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221426005-b23e3f99-9d1c-469f-9e5d-741f9839b77a.png" alt="Melissa Rice" align="center" width="600px">|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221426007-81869495-d20f-4c55-b036-42ced5b4b5a1.png" alt="Melissa Rice" align="center" width="600px">|
|---|---|

<details>
<summary><b>Extra wallpapers in Melissa</b></summary>

|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/melissa/walls/wall-02.webp" alt="Melissa Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/melissa/walls/wall-03.webp" alt="Melissa Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/melissa/walls/wall-04.webp" alt="Melissa Rice" align="center" width="150px">|
|:-:|:-:|:-:|
<img src="config/bspwm/rices/melissa/walls/wall-05.webp" alt="Melissa Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/melissa/walls/wall-06.webp" alt="Melissa Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/melissa/walls/wall-07.webp" alt="Melissa Rice" align="center" width="150px">|

</details>

### 🌸Pamela

|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221426074-0871239b-1e21-4a12-837d-2320b785bda9.png" alt="Pamela Rice" align="center" width="600px">|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221426076-9aae13b0-0f1e-430a-b53a-80d0d9cfa2a4.png" alt="Pamela Rice" align="center" width="600px">|
|---|---|

<details>
<summary><b>Extra wallpapers in Pamela</b></summary>

|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/pamela/walls/wall-02.webp" alt="Pamela Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/pamela/walls/wall-03.webp" alt="Pamela Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/pamela/walls/wall-04.webp" alt="Pamela Rice" align="center" width="150px">|
|:-:|:-:|:-:|
|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/pamela/walls/wall-05.webp" alt="Pamela Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/pamela/walls/wall-06.webp" alt="Pamela Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/pamela/walls/wall-07.webp" alt="Pamela Rice" align="center" width="150px">|

</details>

### 🌸Cristina

|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221426114-5f088fd6-1b45-4ea2-a08c-3a55ab04deb5.png" alt="Cristina Rice" align="center" width="600px">|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221426116-0c247a00-c870-4120-9b46-fbd4a1913af2.png" alt="Cristina Rice" align="center" width="600px">|
|---|---|

<details>
<summary><b>Extra wallpapers in Cristina</b></summary>

|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/cristina/walls/wall-02.webp" alt="Cristina Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/cristina/walls/wall-03.webp" alt="Cristina Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/cristina/walls/wall-04.webp" alt="Cristina Rice" align="center" width="150px">|
|:-:|:-:|:-:|
<img src="config/bspwm/rices/cristina/walls/wall-05.webp" alt="Cristina Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/cristina/walls/wall-06.webp" alt="Cristina Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/cristina/walls/wall-07.webp" alt="Cristina Rice" align="center" width="150px">|

</details>

### 🌸Karla

|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221426157-64268f2e-1946-455c-9245-61d0fcfe1cc9.png" alt="Karla Rice" align="center" width="600px">|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221426162-8477edff-82ec-47e3-9c9f-de98842f581f.png" alt="Karla Rice" align="center" width="600px">|
|---|---|

<details>
<summary><b>Extra wallpapers in Karla</b></summary>

|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/karla/walls/wall-02.webp" alt="Karla Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/karla/walls/wall-03.webp" alt="Karla Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/karla/walls/wall-04.webp" alt="Karla Rice" align="center" width="150px">|
|:-:|:-:|:-:|
<img src="config/bspwm/rices/karla/walls/wall-05.webp" alt="Karla Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/karla/walls/wall-06.webp" alt="Karla Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/karla/walls/wall-07.webp" alt="Karla Rice" align="center" width="150px">|

</details>

### 🌸z0mbi3:

|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221426212-d019956b-08c5-4c09-8375-bb7a377f5024.png" alt="z0mbi3 Rice" align="center" width="600px">|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221426218-49131fb7-e750-4bee-94a3-f26397760ec8.png" alt="z0mbi3 Rice" align="center" width="600px">|
|---|---|

<details>
<summary><b>Extra wallpapers in z0mbi3</b></summary>

|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/z0mbi3/walls/wall-01.webp" alt="z0mbi3 Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/z0mbi3/walls/wall-02.webp" alt="z0mbi3 Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/z0mbi3/walls/wall-03.webp" alt="z0mbi3 Rice" align="center" width="150px">|
|:-:|:-:|:-:|
<img src="config/bspwm/rices/z0mbi3/walls/wall-04.webp" alt="z0mbi3 Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/z0mbi3/walls/wall-06.webp" alt="z0mbi3 Rice" align="center" width="150px">|<img src="config/bspwm/rices/z0mbi3/walls/wall-07.webp" alt="z0mbi3 Rice" align="center" width="150px">|

</details>

## Neovim themes
Actually the neovim theme is OneDark, but the background will adapt to the colorscheme in the rice you are. Now is configured in "lua". i wanna keepit simple so there are a few plugins.
- Lualine
- Nvim-Tree
- Colorizer
- Devicons

The plugin manager is Packer.

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/221430203-23308e84-c974-4481-8c17-9aab53b37766.gif" alt="Neovim Themes" align="center" width="400px">

## Firefox Theme (z0mbi3 Fox)

|<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67278339/228313955-670436db-d502-4249-9817-d67e3de86aa1.png" alt="Firefox theme - z0mbi3-Fox" width="700">|
|:-:|
Complementarily you can install [this extension](https://github.com/PonyLucky/gh0stzk-Firefox/tree/master/extension) made by [PonyLucky](https://github.com/PonyLucky). It is a startpage to enhance UX. [Preview and configuration options](https://github.com/PonyLucky/gh0stzk-Firefox/tree/master/extension). Looks awesome with the firefox theme.

## Very useful keybindigs to know...

- <code>alt + @space</code> Display menu to select theme selector.
- <code>super + @space</code> Apps Menu.
- <code>super + h </code> Hides bar/s <code>super + u</code> unhide bar/s
- <code>super + Print</code> Takes screenshot.
- <code>ctrl + alt {plus,minus,t}</code> Changes transparency on focused window.
- <code>ctrl + super + alt + p</code> Power off computer. <code>ctrl + super + alt + r</code> Restart computer.
- <code>super + Return</code> Open a terminal.
- <code>super + Alt + Return</code> Open a floating terminal.
- <code>ctrl + super + alt + k</code> Brute Kill a window/process.
- <code>super + alt + w</code> Changes randomly wallpaper.
- <code>super + alt + r</code> Restart bspwm.

And more.. You need to look sxhkdrc file for more.

## 📦 setup

### 💾 Installation:
The installer only works for **ARCH** Linux, and based distros.

<b>Open a terminal in HOME</b>
- **First download the installer**
```sh
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gh0stzk/dotfiles/master/RiceInstaller -o $HOME/RiceInstaller
```
- **Now give it execute permissions**
```sh
chmod +x RiceInstaller
```
- **Finally run the installer**
```sh
./RiceInstaller
```

## Troubleshooting & Tips

See the [Wiki](https://github.com/gh0stzk/dotfiles/wiki)


## Credits
- [turquoise-hexagon](https://github.com/turquoise-hexagon/fonts), [adi1090x](https://github.com/adi1090x/widgets), [gabrielzschmitz](https://github.com/gabrielzschmitz), [elenapan](https://github.com/elenapan/dotfiles), [rxyhn](https://github.com/rxyhn/bspdots), [okklol](https://github.com/okklol/eww-bar), [ikz87](https://github.com/ikz87).
